as the countdown begins to the 21st
century it's good to know there is still
one number you can always count on bond
bond can't you just say hello like a
normal person Renaud is behind this you
will die along with everyone in this
city we do not negotiate with terrorists
his only goal is chaos
I sent w9 to kill Renard he put a bullet
in his head
a bullets still there he feels no pain
he can push himself harder longer than
any normal man no hard feelings Mr Bond
it appears that you are doing decent
don't make this personal I can't do that
I just can't help thinking I'm next you
model the very latest in intercepts and
countermeasures and six beverage cup
holders I've always tried to teach you
two things first never let them see you
bleed when the second always have an
escape
for the world's greatest secret agent
when the stakes are high yeah but
they're usually standing still life's
full of small challenges and the danger
it's too close to home he has em by noon
tomorrow you'll feel nothing at all I
thought it was your job to protect me
it's not just professional it's personal
I have to get it back or somebody's
gonna have my butt first things first
but I'm gonna find him who's afraid now
Mr Bond I will not miss I never miss you
want to put that in English for those of
us who don't speak spy why am I suddenly
what I don't know caring in love
insurance your time is up the world is
not enough
you